SQL and NormalizationDesigned a relational database from a given E-R diagram and wrote the SQL script with specified constraints in MS SQL Server.Applied normalization to decompose a table into 1NF, 2NF and 3NF tables and identified its primary key by using a list of its functional dependencies. Embedded SQLFrom a set of table descriptions, wrote the SQL script to create a company database in MS SQL Server. Using dynamic SQL queries with parameters wrote an embedded SQL program with Java as the host language that prompts for an input text file.PHP QueriesFrom a set of table descriptions, wrote the SQL script to create a company database in MS SQL Server. Wrote PHP scripts to connect and run queries to fetch data based on input values from HTML input elements and displayed data using HTML table elements.Data MiningPerformed data mining manually on a given set of data values in order to output frequent itemsets at all possible levels that satisfy a specified minimum support value. Used the Apriori AlgorithmEnumerated all possible association rules for frequent 2-itemsets, and computed their confidence and interest values. Validated the results through an embedded SQL program in JavaQuery OptimizationTranslated queries into relational algebra expressions and applied heuristics rules to modify their internal representations in the form of query trees, to improve their expected performanceSerializabilityTested the conflict serializability of given schedules by constructing their precedence graphs and creating equivalent serial schedulesXQueryConverted a SQL database to XML format and executed XQuery queries to fetch and display data. 